c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\PanoramaApp1.dll
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\PanoramaApp1.pdb
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\Bin\Debug\PanoramaApp1_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\PanoramaApp1.g.resources
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\PanoramaApp1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\PanoramaApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\PanoramaApp1.dll
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\PanoramaApp1.pdb
c:\users\leehorray\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\leehorray\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\Animation.g.cs
C:\Users\leehorray\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\RecommandInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\leehorray\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PanoramaApp1\PanoramaApp1\obj\Debug\Questions.g.cs
